$50 fake iPhone $400 fake iPhone how
close can they get to the real thing at
$1,200 starting with the $50 one
underneath the phone you've got a cable
plug earphones even a clear case with
included screen protector then the phone
man the amount of plastic film on this
thing let's unbox the $400 F Well the
packaging went from blank box to Super
convincing the $50 one feels a lot
cheaper than the real it doesn't have an
Apple logo everything is made of plastic
and look at the cameras only one of
those is real the $400 fake feels very
similar like even down to the glass on
the back and the shiny metal rails on
the sides so this is the $50 phone it
does feel pretty budget the animations
aren't nearly as smooth this bottom
bezel is absolutely massive abomination
of a dynamic Island happening on top and
the camera yikes is that the Samsung
gallery logo the $400 fake is a lot more
convincing much more bearable bezels
around the sides a much higher quality
screen too the dynamic Island looks less
like an April fall show you even have
the same swipe down to search let's find
out the quality of this camera why is
that basically just as good that wasn't
meant to happen